Update documentation for javascript filtering. (#898)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.0/reference/sensu-query-expressions.md

## How do Sensu query expressions work?

> Sensu query expressions (**SQE**) are based on [javascript][3] expressions, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensu query expressions (**SQE**) are based on [JavaScript][3] expressions, and
```

provide additional functionalities for Sensu usage (like nested parameters and
custom functions) so Sensu resources can be directly evaluated. SQE should
always return **true** or **false**.

> ## Javascript for expressions instead of Ruby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## New and improved expressions
```

Reviewer: This is heading is part of the standard template for reference docs, so we should keep it for the sake of consistency.

Sensu 1 uses [Ruby expressions][2], which are not available in Sensu 2, being

> written in Go. The existence of a Go library that provides a Javascript VM has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
written in Go. The existence of a Go library that provides a JavaScript VM has
```

> allowed us to embed a Javascript execution engine for filters instead. Sadly,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allowed us to embed a JavaScript execution engine for filters instead. Sadly,
```

there is no equivalent Ruby VM library.

> ## Sensu Query Expressions specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sensu query expressions specification
```

Reviewer: Sentence case all the things!

> ### Javascript 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Sensu query expressions are valid ECMA5 (Javascript) expressions that return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensu query expressions are valid ECMAScript 5 (JavaScript) expressions that return
```

**true** or **false**. Other values are not allowed. If other values are

> returned, an error will be logged and the filter will evaluate to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
returned, an error is logged and the filter evaluates to false.
```

### Custom functions

* `hour`: returns the hour, in UTC and in the 24-hour time notation, of a UNIX
  Epoch time.

{{< highlight go >}}
// event.timestamp equals to 1520275913, which is Monday, March 5, 2018 6:51:53 PM UTC
// The following expression returns true
hour(event.timestamp) >= 17
{{< /highlight >}}

* `weekday`: returns a number representing the day of the week, where Sunday
  equals `0`, of a UNIX Epoch time.

{{< highlight go >}}
// event.timestamp equals to 1520275913, which is Monday, March 5, 2018 6:51:53 PM UTC
// The following expression returns false
weekday(event.timestamp) == 0
{{< /highlight >}}

> ## Sensu Query Expressions examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sensu query expressions examples
```
